{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Homework 1\
Krista Mar\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}S3 provides cloud object storage, versions, and archival storage through Glacier.  S3 can be used to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the web.  Amazon EBS provides persistent block level storage for EC2 instances, similar to an external hard drive.  EBS can only be accessed by one machine at a time. S3 has higher write latency and also higher variation in latency.  EBS is better for listing and searching. \
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	2.	}I would consider a cloud infrastructure if I was working on a startup or a project that would potentially need to scale up or down.  I would consider it if I needed to back up a large data set that I would not need to access very often. \
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	3.	}Spot instances are a way to bid on unused Amazon EC2 capacity, which can be stopped at anytime without notice.  This is fine for large computing needs, where an interruption is fine.  Reserved instances are a continuous running system. \
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	4.	}The four packages are: networking tools, performance tools,  PostgreSQL, System administrative tools. \
}